
This tool, developed by the FRONTIER Research Group at the
University of Sydney, is designed to assist clinicians in
screening patients for dementia.

### Clinician Notice

This tool is intended for use only by clinicians trained in
administering and interpreting the ACE-III. It is a screening
tool, not a diagnostic instrument, and provides a risk score to
guide further diagnostic evaluations. It does not diagnose
dementia.

### About FRONTIER

The FRONTIER Research Group, based at the Brain and Mind Centre,
University of Sydney, specialises in the study of younger-onset
dementias. Patients in the FRONTIER programme are typically
assessed every 12 months until discontinuation. Assessments
typically include a comprehensive neurological exam, a
neuropsychological evaluation, and a structural brain MRI,
completed within a 3-month period. For more information on
FRONTIER assessment procedures, visit [https://osf.io/6hpax/](https://osf.io/6hpax/).

### About the Dataset

This case-control study included participants recruited from
September 2011 to December 2023. It comprises 431 patients with
dementia (409 with a major neurocognitive disorder and 22 with a
minor neurocognitive disorder at the last clinical assessment) and
107 non-dementia controls.

The dataset includes annual repeat
assessments, resulting in 844 ACE-III assessments from patients
with dementia (789 with a major and 55 with a minor neurocognitive
disorder) and 224 ACE-III assessments from non-dementia controls.
This dataset is based on performance profiles from the Australian
version of the ACE-III. The dementia risk value is derived from a
binomial logistic regression model. For more information about the
dataset and model, visit [https://osf.io/6hpax/](https://osf.io/6hpax/).

### Financial support

This tool was developed with support from the Edwards Fund for
Dementia Research at the Brain and Mind Centre, University of
Sydney. Contact For questions about the ACE-III Online Dementia
Screening Tool, please contact FRONTIER at [frontier@sydney.edu.au](mailto:frontier@sydney.edu.au).
To learn more about the ACE-III or download the test and
administration guide, visit [https://frontierftd.org](https://frontierftd.org).

### Contact
For questions about the ACE-III Online Dementia Screening Tool,
please contact FRONTIER at
[frontier@sydney.edu.au](mailto:frontier@sydney.edu.au).
To learn more about the ACE-III or download the test and
administration guide, visit [https://frontierftd.org](https://frontierftd.org).